# Computer_Assignment
Files are named as (Question Number)_(Assignment Number). </br>
Folders will be created as Assignment numbers increase. </br>
You are free to fork the repository and make improvements to the code or suggest changes. </br>
-DC

### Assignmnet 1
1. Write a program to print the words hello, world.
2. Write a program to accept the Fahrenheit temperature from keyboard and print its equivalent Celsius value.
3. Write a program to accept N different numbers from keyboard and print the numbers.
4. Write a program to accept N different numbers from keyboard and print the sum of those numbers.

### Assignment 2
Couldn't find questions

### Assignment 3
1.	Write a C program to print your name ‘n’ times where n is a user given input.
2.	Write a C program to find if a number is odd or even.
3.	Write a C program to find the largest among three numbers.
4.	Write a C program to enter elements in an array of size 10 and print the array.
5.	Write a C program to swap two numbers. The numbers are taken as input from the user.
6.	Write a C program to compute quotient and remainder using two functions. 

# Assignment 4
1. Write a C program to compute the area and circumference of a circle for a given radius, r. Here radius r has to be taken from the user.
2. Write a C program for temperature conversion.
    - Convert the equivalent temperature in Fahrenheit (f) to Celsius (c), where f has to be taken from the keyboard
    - Convert the equivalent temperature in Celsius (c) to Fahrenheit (f), where c has to be taken from the keyboard
3. Write C program to evaluate the following expressions
    - 4x2+2x+10
    - 5x3+4x2y2+4y3+30
Here x and y may be integer/float quantity have to be taken from the
keyboard.
4. Write a C program that prints the next character from the ASCII table for
the corresponding character taken from the keyboard. As for example, if
the character taken from the keyboard is ‘B’, the program will print the
immediate next character ‘Ç’. Also print the corresponding ASCII value.

### Assignment 5
1. Write a C program to find the sum of individual digits of a positive
integer. The number has to be taken as input from the keyboard. The total
number of digits in the number may be four.
2. Write a C program to find roots of a quadratic equation where the
coefficients are entered by the user.
3. Write a C program to check whether a given year entered from the
keyboard is a leap year or not.
4. Write a C program that takes as input a single character from the user and
check whether the entered character is a vowel or consonant.
5. Write a C program that takes as input a single character from the user. If
the character is an English alphabet in small case, it is converted to upper
case and printed out. If the character is an English alphabet in upper case,
it is converted to lower case and printed out. If the character is not an
English alphabet in small case, then it is kept unchanged and printed out.

### Assignment 6
1. Write a C program that takes an integer as input from the keyboard and
display it in words. As for example, if the integer is 235, the output will
be Two Three Five.
2. Write a C program to generate set of all prime numbers between 1 and n,
where the number n has to be supplied by the user.
3. Write a C program that takes two integer numbers (say x and y) and
prints the value xy. Do not use the standard library function pow() for the
computation of xy.
4. Write a C program to find the GCD of two given numbers.
5. Write a C program to find the sum of the following series up to nth term,
where x or n have to be taken from the user. Do not use the standard
library function pow() for the computation of xn.
    - 1+2+3+4+….up to nth terms
    - 1+x+x2+x3+….up to nth terms
    - S = 1+x+x2/2!+x3/3!+….up to nth terms
    - S = 1-2+3-4+….up to nth terms
    - S = 2+4+6+….up to nth terms

### Assignment 7
1. Write a C program to generate Fibonacci sequence up to nth term where n
is an input have to be taken from the keyboard. Write a main program to
test it. The Fibonacci numbers are generated by setting F0=0, F1=1 and
using the following formula to get the rest.
Fn = Fn-1+Fn-2
2. Write a C program to compute the sum of the numbers between 20 to 30
and divisible by 2 and 3.
3. Write a C program to check whether an input integer is power of two or
not. As for example, 23 = 8.
4. Write a C program to print the following pattern for n number of rows,
here n is an input taken from keyboard, use loops and use ASCII code
where ever needed.
    - ``` 
      *
      * *
      * * *
      * * * *
      ```
    - ```
      0
      1 2
      3 4 5
      6 7 8 9
      ```
    - ```
      1
      2 3 4
      5 6 7 8 9
      ```
    - ```
      A
      B C
      D E F
      G H I J
      ```

### Assignment 8
1. Write a C program to store a list of integers in an array and print the
following:
    - The maximum value present in the array
    - The minimum value present in the array
    - The average value of all the elements in the array
    - Find the sum of odd numbers from the array
    - Print the array contents in reverse
2. Write a C program to search a data-item in the array, if it exists in the
array, print the corresponding index.
3. Write a C program that can sort n numbers stored in a one dimensional
array in ascending order. Here n and list of numbers are user input.
4. Write a C program that can copy the list of data item from one array to
another array.
5. Write a C program that can print the binary equivalent of a decimal
integer. Here decimal integer is a user input.

### Assignment 9
1. Write a C program that can compare two input strings without using
strcmp().
2. Write a C program that takes a string as input and then prints the
number of occurrence(s) of each vowel of the English alphabets in the
string.
3. Write a C program to check whether an input string is palindrome or
not.
4. Write a C program to display the size of every data type using “sizeof”
operator.
5. Write a C program to compute grade of n students in a subject. The
grades are assigned as follow:
| Marks | Grade |
|-------|-------|
| marks<50 | F |
| 50≤marks<60 | C |
| 60≤marks<70 | B |
| 70≤marks<80 | B+ |
| 80≤marks<90 | A |
| 90≤marks<100 | A+ |
6. Write a C program to determine whether the input character is capital
or small letter, digits or special symbol.
7. Write a C program to check whether a date is valid or not.

### Assignment 10
1. Write suitable function and corresponding program to test them for the
following:
    - Compute Xn, where X is any valid number and n is an integer value
    - Swap values of two integer variables without using temporary
variable.
    - Compute the GCD of two integers and return the result to the
calling function.
    - Compute and return the sum of n elements of an integer array.
    - Remove white spaces (blank spaces) from a string.
2. Write a C function reverse(s) to reverse the string s, where s is an
argument in the function reverse(s).
3. Write a C function subs(s1, s2) which returns 1 if s2 is a substring of
s1 otherwise 0.
4. Write a C function that takes input a two dimensional array of
integers, find the largest integer among them, return it to calling
function.
5. Write a C function that takes input a two dimensional array of
integers, find the largest number from each row and column
individually, store it in two corresponding one dimensional array
respectively and display it. Write the complete program to test the
function.

### Assignment 11
1. Write a C function “ïntreverseInteger(int n)”, that returns the reverse
of n, that is the returned integer (in decimal) contains the same
decimal digits as n, but in reverse order. Write a complete C program
to test the function.
2. Write a C function “intstringLength(char src[])” that finds and returns
the length of the null terminated string src[], that is, the number of
characters (excluding the null character) in the parameter src[].
3. Write a C function that takes a decimal number and base as argument
and returns the equivalent number of the given base.
4. Write a C function to reverse every word of a given string. As, for
example, if the input string is ‘C Programming Class’ output string
will be ‘C gnimmargorP ssalC’.
5. Write a program to calculate sum of first 20 natural numbers using
recursive function.

### Assignment 12
1. Write a program to find the sum of all the elements of an array using
pointers.
2. Write a program to swap value of two variables using pointer.
3. Write a program to copy one array to another using pointer.
4. Write a program to swap two arrays using pointers.
5. Write a program to reverse an array using pointers.
6. Write a program to find length of string using pointers.
7. Write a program to copy one string to another using pointer.
8. Write a program to concatenate two strings using pointers.
9. Write a program to compare two strings using pointers.

### Assignment 13
1. Declare a structure for storing complex numbers. Write a C program that performs
the following operations.
    - Read two complex numbers (a+ib)
    - Add two complex numbers
    - Subtract two complex numbers
    - Multiply two complex numbers
2. Declare a structure to store the following information of an employee.
    - Employee code
    - Employee name
    - Salary
    - Department number
    - Date of joining (it is itself a structure consisting of day, month, year)
Write a program that can take above information of 10 employees and display
information for those employees whose salary ≥10000.
3. Write a C program to copy one existing file (source file, say file1.txt) into another
file (destination file, say file2.txt). In this case take the filename as input through
command line argument. As for example, $./a.out file1.txt file2.txt
4. Write a C program that can compare two files specified by the user, return a
nonzero value if identical otherwise zero. (such as $cmp file1.txt file2.txt;
compare the content of file1.txt and file2.txt if identical display 1 otherwise 0.)
5. Create a structure to specify data on students given below:
Roll number, Name, Department, Course, Year of joining
Assume that there are not more than 20 students in the collage.
    - Write a function to print names of all students who joined in a particular year.
    - Write a function to print the data of a student whose roll number is given.
6. Create a structure to specify data of customers in a bank.
The data to be stored is: Account number, Name, Balance in account.
Assume maximum of 20 customers in the bank.
    - Write a function to print the Account number and name of each customer with
balance below Rs. 100.
    - If a customer request for withdrawal or deposit, it is given in the form: Acct. no,
amount, code (1 for deposit, 0 for withdrawal) Write a program to give a message,
“The balance is insufficient for the specified withdrawal”.

### Assignment 14
1. Write a C program to read a file and display contents with its line numbers.
2. Write a C program to find the size of a text file.
3. Write a C program to add the contents of one file at the end of another.
4. The file student_rec contains name and age of 10 students. Write a C program to read
these records and display them in sorted order by name.
5. Implement the Selection Sort and Bubble Sort algorithms to sort an array having 10
elements.
6. A positive integer is entered through the keyboard. Write a function to obtain the prime
factors of this number. For example, prime factors of 24 are 2, 2, 2 and 3, whereas prime
factors of 35 are 5 and 7.
7. Write a program to sort a set of names stored in an array in alphabetical order.